|-- 

|-- arc

|-- blog

|-- guide

|-- blog
    |-- day-1-update

|-- terms

|-- 

|-- leaderboard

|-- privacy

|-- arcprize.org
    |-- play

|-- 

|-- www.kaggle.com
    |-- competitions
        |-- arc-prize-2024
            |-- overview
                |-- evaluation

|-- competition

|-- 

|-- 

|-- guide

|-- 

|-- guide

|-- 

|-- 

|-- guide

|-- play

|-- 

|-- guide

|-- arc

|-- 

|-- guide

|-- 

|-- guide

|-- 

|-- blog
    |-- launch

|-- guide


# URL: https://arcprize.org/

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up    June 11, 2024: ARC Prize 2024 is now live! Read the launch post . 🎉    ARC Prize  ARC Prize is a $1,000,000+ public competition to beat and open source a solution to the ARC-AGI benchmark.  Hosted by Mike Knoop (Co-founder, Zapier) and François Chollet (Creator of ARC-AGI, Keras).    Start here    ARC-AGI  Most AI benchmarks measure skill. But skill is not intelligence. General intelligence is the ability to efficiently acquire new skills. Chollet's unbeaten 2019 Abstraction and Reasoning Corpus for Artificial General Intelligence ( ARC-AGI ) is the only formal benchmark of AGI.  It's easy for humans, but hard for AI.     Play  Try ARC-AGI. Given the examples, identify the pattern, solve the test puzzle.      Previous   Next       Examples  Scroll 👉       Test       1. Configure your output grid:   Copy from input  Reset     2. Click to select a color:                     3. See if your output is correct:  Submit solution            AGI  Progress toward artificial general intelligence (AGI) has stalled. LLMs are trained on unimaginably vast amounts of data, yet they remain unable to adapt to simple problems they haven't been trained on, or make novel inventions, no matter how basic.  Strong market incentives have pushed frontier AI research to go closed source. Research attention and resources are being pulled toward a dead end. You can change that.    Defining AGI Consensus but wrong:  AGI is a system that can automate the majority of economically valuable work. Correct:   AGI is a system that can efficiently acquire new skills and solve open-ended problems.  Definitions are important. We turn them into benchmarks to measure progress toward AGI.  Without AGI, we will never have systems that can invent and discover alongside humans.    Team   Mike Knoop - Host  François Chollet - Host  Bryan Landers -  Operations  Greg Kamradt - Operations  Rolf Pfister - Technical  Hansueli Jud - Technical  Oliver Schmid - Community   Infinite Monkey & Lab42    Sponsors   Mike Knoop - $1,000,000  François Chollet - $100,000   Advisors   Nat Friedman  Daniel Gross  Pascal Kaufmann     Leaderboard     Grand Prize Goal  85%    MindsAI  39%    Ali  26.5%    Zoltan  24%    Alexander Larko  24%    Kha Vo  22%      ARC-AGI / ARC-AGI-Pub    Win Prizes  Total Prizes: $1,100,000 Grand Prize: $500,000 2024 Progress Prizes: $100,000 To Be Announced: $500,000  ARC Prize 2024 is live on Kaggle .   Learn more             Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/arc

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up    ARC-AGI  In 2019, François Chollet - creator of Keras, an open-source deep learning library adopted by over 2.5M developers, and Software Engineer & AI Researcher at Google - published the influential paper " On the Measure of Intelligence " where he introduced a benchmark to measure the efficiency of AI skill-acquisition on unknown tasks:  Abstraction and Reasoning Corpus (ARC-AGI)  <p>To date, ARC-AGI is the only known true AGI benchmark.</p>        AGI Definition  To make deliberate progress towards more intelligent and human-like systems, we need to be following an appropriate feedback signal: We need to define and evaluate intelligence.  These definitions and evaluations turn into benchmarks to measure progress toward systems that can think and invent alongside us.  Consensus definition of AGI, "a system that can automate the majority of economically valuable work," while a useful goal, is an incorrect measure of intelligence.  Measuring task-specific skill is not a good proxy for intelligence.  Skill is heavily influenced by prior knowledge and experience: unlimited priors or unlimited training data allows developers to "buy" levels of skill for a system. This masks a system's own generalization power.  Intelligence lies in broad or general-purpose abilities; it is marked by skill-acquisition and generalization, rather than skill itself.  AGI is a system that can efficiently acquire new skills outside of its training data.  More formally:   The intelligence of a system is a measure of its skill-acquisition efficiency over a scope of tasks, with respect to priors , experience, and generalization difficulty.
- François Chollet, "On the Measure of Intelligence"   This means that a system is able to adapt to a new environment that it has not seen before and that its creators (developers) did not anticipate.  ARC-AGI is the only AI benchmark that measures progress towards general intelligence.  See François explain intelligence.     ARC-AGI Design  ARC-AGI consists of unique training and evaluation tasks. Each task contains input-output examples. The puzzle-like inputs and outputs present a grid where each square can be one of ten colors. A grid can be any height or width between 1x1 and 30x30.   To successfully solve a task, the test-taker must produce a pixel-perfect correct output grid for the final output. This includes picking the correct dimensions of the output grid.  For more, see ARC-AGI's data structure .    Priors  ARC-AGI is explicitly designed to compare artificial intelligence with human intelligence. To do this, ARC-AGI explicitly lists the priors knowledge human have to provide a fair ground for comparing AI systems. These core knowledge priors are ones that humans naturally possess, even in childhood.   Objectness Objects persist and cannot appear or disappear without reason. Objects can interact or not depending on the circumstances.  Goal-directedness Objects can be animate or inanimate. Some objects are "agents" - they have intentions and they pursue goals.  Numbers & counting Objects can be counted or sorted by their shape, appearance, or movement using basic mathematics like addition, subtraction, and comparison.  Basic geometry & topology Objects can be shapes like rectangles, triangles, and circles which can be mirrored, rotated, translated, deformed, combined, repeated, etc. Differences in distances can be detected.   ARC-AGI avoids a reliance on any information that isn’t part of these priors, for example acquired or cultural knowledge, like language.     Impact  Solving ARC-AGI represents a material stepping stone toward AGI.  At minimum, solving ARC-AGI would result in a new programming paradigm. It would allow anyone, even those without programming knowledge, to create programs simply by providing a few input-output examples of what they want.  This would dramatically expand who is able to leverage software and automation. Programs could automatically refine themselves when exposed to new data, similar to how humans learn.  If found, a solution to ARC-AGI would be more impactful than the discovery of the Transformer. The solution would open up a new branch of technology.        Competition History  2019 - ARC-AGI was introduced in François Chollets 2019 paper, "On the Measure of Intelligence". At this point, François has the hypothesis that it could not easily be beaten.  2020 - In order to test this, he hosted the first ARC-AGI competition on Kaggle in 2020. The winning team, "ice cuber," achieved a 21% success rate on the test set. This low score was the first strong evidence that François's ideas in On/Measure were correct.  2021 - A New York University study (2021) found that most humans can solve, on average, 84% of the tasks in the ARC-AGI public training set.       2022 - In 2022 François and Lab42 teamed up to host the ARCathon 2022, the first global AI competition to try and beat ARC-AGI. 118 teams from 47 countries participated. Michael Hodel, won the ARCathon and received his trophy at the Swiss Global AI Awards following the honoring of Demis Hassabis by Pascal Kaufmann, founder of Lab42, in Davos. Michael has developed one of the best ARC-AGI domain-specific languages (DSLs) to date.  2023 - Then in 2023, the competition continued with ARCathon 2023. This time 265+ teams from 65 countries competed. First place was shared between Somayyeh Gholami and Mehran Kazeminia (Team SM) and Jack Cole (Team MindsAI) both reaching 30% on the private evaluation set.  2024 - In 2024, Mike Knoop, François, and Lab42 teamed up to create ARC Prize 2024 with over a $1.1M prize pool.    Next   > Read "On the Measure of Intelligence"  > Stay updated on ARC Prize 2024  > Get started beating ARC-AGI         Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/blog

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up    ARC Prize Blog    Day 1 Update - 12 Jun 2024   Announcing ARC Prize - 11 Jun 2024         Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up    ARC Prize Guide   Welcome to the official ARC Prize Guide!  This guide is designed help you get up to speed on ARC-AGI, establish your strategy, form a team (optional), and make progress toward winning prizes and eternal glory.  No matter who you are, where you come from, what you do for a living, you are welcome to join this competition. You can join forces with people who have complimentary skill sets or work alone. It's all up to you.  Let's get started!     Contents   Overview  Data Structure  Development  Approaches  Inspiration  Submissions  Resources      Overview  Before you dive into this guide, make sure to read the Competition Details and ARC-AGI pages.  The purpose of ARC Prize is to redirect more AI research focus toward architectures that might lead toward artificial general intelligence (AGI) and ensure that notable breakthroughs do not remain a trade secret at a big corporate AI lab.  ARC-AGI is the only AI benchmark that tests for general intelligence by testing not just for skill, but for skill acquisition .  Your ambitious goal: Submit a solution which scores 85% on the ARC-AGI private evaluation set and win $500K.  You are not alone in this goal. The ARC Prize community and official team are here to provide support and resources.  Plug into the community & get competition updates:   Subscribe to the newsletter  Join the Discord server  Join the discussion on Kaggle  Follow on Twitter  Subscribe on YouTube   You can also reach our team at team@arcprize.org or message us on Discord .      Data Structure  So you want to solve ARC-AGI? Let's start by exploring how it's data is structured.  This material is also covered in the Explore ARC-AGI Data + Play tutorial video.         Tasks  ARC-AGI tasks are a series of three to five input and output tasks followed by a final task with only the input listed. Each task tests the utilization of a specific learned skill based on a minimal number of cognitive priors.   Tasks are represented as JSON lists of integers. These JSON objects can also be represented visually as a grid of colors using an ARC-AGI task viewer.  A successful submission is a pixel-perfect description (color and position) of the final task's output.  Task Data  The following datasets are associated with the ARC Prize competition:   Public training set  Public evaluation set  Private evaluation set   Public  The publicly available data is to be used for training and evaluation.  The public training set contains 400 task files you will use to train your algorithm.  The public evaluation set contains 400 task files for to test the performance of your algorithm.  To ensure fair evaluation results, be sure not to leak information from the evaluation set into your algorithm (e.g. by looking at the tasks in the evaluation set yourself during development, or by repeatedly modifying an algorithm while using its evaluation score as feedback.)  The source of truth for this data is available on François Chollet's ARC-AGI Repository , which contains 800 total tasks.  Private  The private evaluation set contains 100 task files.  The ARC-AGI leaderboard is measured using 100 private evaluation tasks which are privately held on Kaggle. These tasks are private to ensure models may not be trained on them. These tasks are not included in the public tasks, but they do use the same structure and cognitive priors.  Please note that the public training set consists of simpler tasks whereas the public evaluation set is roughly the same level of difficulty as the private test set.  Set Difficulty  The public training set is significantly easier than the others (public evaluation and private evaluation set) since it contains many "curriculum" type tasks intended to demonstrate Core Knowledge systems. It's like a tutorial level.  The public evaluation set and the private evaluation set are intended to be the same difficulty, though evidence suggests that the private evaluation set is more difficult. (A future version of ARC-AGI will formally calibrate difficulty across evaluation sets.)  Format  As mentioned above, tasks are stored in JSON format. Each JSON file consists of two key-value pairs.  train : a list of two to ten input/output pairs (typically three.) These are used for your algorithm to infer a rule.  test : a list of one to three input/output pairs (typically one.) Your model should apply the inferred rule from the train set and construct an output solution. You will have access to the output test solution on the public data. The output solution on the private evaluation set will not be revealed.  Here is an example of a simple ARC-AGI task that has three training pairs along with a single test pair. Each pair is shown as a 2x2 grid. There are four colors represented by the integers 1, 4, 6, and 8. Which actual color (red/green/blue/black) is applied to each integer is arbitrary and up to you.  {
  "train": [
    {"input": [[1, 0], [0, 0]], "output": [[1, 1], [1, 1]]},
[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

  ],
  "test": [
[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

}       Development  Download  Download the ARC-AGI-1 data from the official ARC-AGI repo on GitHub.  Please note that there will be future versions of the ARC-AGI dataset as it matures. We plan to keep improving the benchmark by adding more tasks and more novelty. Future versions will get versioned (ex: ARC-AGI-2) and future ARC Prize competitions may target newer versions.  View  There are multiple ways for humans to view the data:   Testing interface on the official repo ( instructions )  The arcprize.org task viewer  Community-created apps   Test  There are two ways to measure your progress on ARC-AGI tasks.    Correct / Incorrect: This evaluation method measures whether or not your model’s output answer is identical to the validated solution. This means that the output shape, colors, and positions match. This evaluation method is used on the ARC-AGI private evaluation set.    Pixel correctness: The number of pixels that are correctly identified as a % of the total. Some teams use “Pixel Correctness” as another indicator for their score. Though this is not used in the competition, it can give more information about how your results are performing.        Approaches  You're free to explore any path you like, but we'd love to save you time by catching you up on the four solution approaches that have led to the current state of the art. Join the community discord to find out more from people who have been working on ARC-AGI for years.  1. Discrete program search  This was the first domain of solutions that started working well in the original ARCathon competition in 2020 hosted by Lab42. It involves searching through a massive program space in a discrete, step-by-step manner.  2. Ensemble Solutions  This approach consists of piecing together existing publicly available solutions to correctly answer more tasks than any solution achieved alone. This is the approach that was used to get to the current high score.  One thing to consider in utilizing this approach: it's unlikely that an ensemble approach will be able to generalize to correctly solve tasks outside of the public datasets. If you've got your eyes on the Grand Prize, you'll want to create new and novel techniques.  3. Direct LLM Prompting  In this method, contestants use a traditional LLM (like GPT-4) and rely on prompting techniques to solve ARC-AGI tasks. This was found to perform poorly, scoring <5%. Fine-tuning a state-of-the-art (SOTA) LLM with millions of synthetic ARC-AGI examples scores ~10%.  "LLMs like Gemini or ChatGPT [don't work] because they're basically frozen at inference time. They're not actually learning anything." - François Chollet  Additionally, keep in mind that submissions to Kaggle will not have access to the internet. Using a 3rd-party, cloud-hosted LLM is not possible.  See templates for fine-tuning Llama 3b and open source LLM (without fine-tuning it).  4. Domain-Specific Language (DSL) Program Synthesis  This approach involves developing a domain-specific language (DSL). The DSL is designed to encapsulate common concepts such as rotation, mirroring, and other grid transformations that frequently occur in ARC tasks. By defining a set of primitives or basic functions that perform these transformations, solutions can be synthesized by composing these primitives into programs that solve specific tasks.  Program synthesis in this approach involves searching through possible compositions of the DSL primitives to find programs that correctly transform input grids into their corresponding output grids. This search can be brute-force or more sophisticated, but the key idea is to leverage the DSL to build task-specific programs efficiently.  See Michael Hodel's example notebook with this approach.  5. Active inference  More recently, solutions using pre-trained large language models (LLMs) have been attempted. The LLMs are additionally trained on code data, ARC-AGI data, and because there aren’t enough ARC-AGI tasks, you’ll augment this with synthetic ARC-AGI-like data.  The trick to making this LLM based solution work is using active inference. This is the idea that when you’re presented with a test task demonstration examples, fine tune the LLM on those examples. Of course, because there are only a couple of them, you’ll need to expand them artificially to have enough data points to fit your curve.  This unlocks the performance that we see with top solutions. Jack Cole's 34% solution utilizes this approach.  “The fact that this technique has an outsized impact is really interesting” - François Chollet       Inspiration From Francois  Let's hear from François, the creator of ARC, about what he sees as the most promising approaches as well as general tips to help you compete in ARC Prize.   Promising Approaches  François believes that the most promising category of solutions is one that we haven't really seen in practice so far. His thought process…   Discrete program search works really well. This is probably the easiest way to to solve ARC-AGI tasks. Now we also know that LLMs can develop good intuition about how to solve ARC-AGI tasks. The next step is going to be to augment discrete program search with deep learning driven intuition.    When you're doing discrete program search, you have to sift through this massive program space. The problem you're facing here, of course, is combinatorial explosion.    If you manage to get a [deep learning] model that has a pretty good sense of what an ARC-AGI task and solution is supposed to look like, then you can use the deep learning model to provide suggestions as to where to try next or what a sketch of your solution program look like.    This is a category of approaches that a few people have tried. I'm very convinced that this is the domain from which you're gonna see the highest quality solutions.   Here more on this approach from Francois with Dwarkesh .  General Tips   Focus on skill acquisition and generalization: The key idea behind ARC-AGI is that each task should be novel and not solvable by simply memorizing previous examples.  Take inspiration from human cognition: François suggests looking to cognitive science and developmental psychology for insights. For example, the idea of "core knowledge" - a set of innate priors like objectness, numbers, geometry that underpin our ability to learn more complex concepts.  Embrace hybrid approaches: François believes a hybrid approach combining symbolic and neural methods is promising. He gives the example of how humans solve ARC-AGI tasks - we consciously reason step-by-step (symbolic) but also rely heavily on unconscious intuition to quickly prune the search space (neural). Finding ways to combine the two could lead to a breakthrough.  Aim for generalizable abstractions: A successful ARC-AGI solver needs to be able to form novel conceptual abstractions to tackle never-before-seen tasks. François suggests trying to make your system's priors/knowledge representation easily swappable and generalizable, rather than overfit to a particular domain. The faster your system can form useful new abstractions, the better it will perform.  Start small and scale up: François suggests that the first "ARC-AGI solving" system doesn't need to be a full-fledged AGI from the get-go. A narrow AI system that can handle ARC-like problems in a constrained domain could still be a major breakthrough. Once you have a system that can efficiently learn and generalize in one domain, you can scale it up to more knowledge and problem domains over time.  Don’t be afraid to try something new: Since ARC-AGI is still a relatively new and unexplored benchmark, François believes there are still lots of low-hanging fruit to be plucked in terms of novel approaches. Don't be afraid to try radically different ideas from what's been attempted before. Intellectual creativity and originality can go a long way.       Submissions  ARC Prize 2024 submissions must be made through the Kaggle competition as a Kaggle notebook.   Go to the ARC Prize 2024 Kaggle page .  If you haven't done so yet, register an account. If you have an account, log in.  To format the output of your submission, view the detailed instructions on Kaggle evaluation.   Notes:   Kaggle submissions will not have internet access. Your solution must be able to run offline. This is to ensure that the private evaluation set is not leaked  You will only receive a final score across the entire private evaluation set, not a breakdown of which tasks you got (in)correct.  Submissions to ARC Prize 2024 will be constrained to the code requirements . This is to ensure the spirit of "efficiency" is adhered to.  ARC-AGI-Pub (secondary leaderboard measuring the public evaluation set) does not have compute or internet constraints. Close source, frontier models are welcome to participate.   See submission templates to get started quickly.  Grand Prize Goal  Every every ARC-AGI task has been human-verified, including the (more difficult) public evaluation set , ensuring all are solvable by a human. We set the Grand Prize score goal of 85% because it is high enough to consider ARC-AGI as solved, but low enough to acknowledge it is imperfect.  A New York University study (2021) found that most humans can solve, on average, 84% of the tasks in the ARC-AGI public training set.  We'd love to see more human research against ARC-AGI, specifically research using the public evaluation set and age-stratified research. If you're interested in running this research, reach out to team@arcprize.org (include links to your past research).  Scoring Methodology  This competition evaluates submissions on the percentage of correct predictions on the private evaluation set (100 tasks).  For each task, you should predict exactly 2 outputs for every test input grid contained in the task. (Tasks can have more than one test input that needs a predicted output.)  Each task's test output has one ground truth.  For a given task output, if any of the 2 predicted outputs matches the ground truth exactly (100% correct), you score 1 for that task test output, otherwise 0. The final score is the sum averaged of the highest score per task output divided by the total number of task test outputs. Ex: If there are two task outputs, and one is 100% correct and the other is 0% correct, your score is 0.5.  Submission format  Submissions should contain two dictionaries of predictions enclosed in a list, as is shown by the example below. When a task has multiple test outputs that need to be predicted (e.g., task 12997ef3 below), they must be in the same order as the corresponding test inputs.  {"00576224": [{"attempt_1": [[0, 0], [0, 0]], "attempt_2": [[0, 0], [0, 0]]}],
 "009d5c81": [{"attempt_1": [[0, 0], [0, 0]], "attempt_2": [[0, 0], [0, 0]]}],
[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

}   See more details on Kaggle .  Code Requirements  Submissions to this competition must be made through Notebooks. In order for the "Submit to Competition" button to be active after a commit, the following conditions must be met:   CPU Notebook <= 12 hours run-time  GPU Notebook <= 12 hours run-time  No internet access enabled  External data, freely & publicly available, is allowed, including pre-trained models  Submission file must be named submission.json   Hardware  The submitted notebooks will run on the same hardware that the base notebook was created with. They will be one of the following   CPU  4 CPU Cores  30 Gigabytes of RAM    P100 GPU  1 Nvidia Tesla P100 GPI  4 CPU cores  29 Gigabytes of RAM    T4 2x GPU  2 Nvidia Tesla T4 GPUs  4 CPU cores  29 Gigabytes of RAM     These are not expected to change anytime soon.      Teams  Did you know that the highest performing ARC-AGI solutions are often made by teams?  Teams are a great way to combine ideas, learn from each other, and even make new friends who are passionate about solving ARC.  If you'd like to form a team, we encourage you to reach out to other participants, post on the Discord server , post on the Kaggle discussion board or reach out to us at team@arcprize.org.      ARC-AGI Resources  Submission Templates   Brute force - Credits go to phunghieu & team. The original write-up and published notebook can be found here: Write up  Notebook  Icecuber's 2020 winning submission - Along with icecubers great write up about their submission  Fine-tuning Llama 3b - In this notebook, we will demonstrate how to fine-tune the instruct version of Llama 3 8B using Kaggle hardware.  Using a fine-tuned Llama 3b - In this notebook, we will demonstrate how to use a fine-tuned version of Llama 3 8B to solve ARC tasks. You can also experiment with the original version or other models compatible with Hugging Face’s infrastructure.   Community  If you have a resource you'd like to share, let us know about it .   On Measure of Intelligence  Videos - Collection of ARC-AGI videos. Make sure to see why AI can't pass this test & The Hardest Kaggle Challenge  Repositories - Collection of repositories of ARC-AGI attempts, synthetic data generation and ARC-AGI domain-specific languages  Papers - Collection of published papers around program synthesis, object-centric decision transformers and approaches  Other hosted  community maintain resources   Discussions   2019-09-14 - François Chollet: Deep Learning, and the Progress of AI | Lex Fridman Podcast #38  2020-08-30 - François Chollet: Measures of Intelligence | Lex Fridman Podcast #120  2021-04-16 - #51 FRANCOIS CHOLLET - Intelligence and Generalisation  2024-01-12 - The Gradient Podcast - François Chollet: Keras and Measures of Intelligence  2024-06-11 - Mike on No Priors  2024-06-11 - François with Dwarkesh   LLM Performance on ARC   Large Language Models Are Not Strong Abstract Reasoners - Reproduction of GPT-4 scoring 11.9% on ARC-AGI (section 4.1)  Comparing Humans, GPT-4, and GPT-4V On Abstraction and Reasoning Tasks - Showing performance of SOTA models (at the time) on ConceptARC, a variation of ARC-AGI (Table 1)  Large Language Models as General Pattern Machines - GPT-4 scoring 9% on ARC-AGI public data (Table 1). Note, public data may have been used to train GPT-4 which would artificially improve results  LLMs and the Abstraction and Reasoning Corpus: Successes, Failures, and the Importance of Object-based Representations - Exploring different methods to solve ARC-AGI with LLMs. Using a less difficult subset of task and CoT, GPT-4 scores 46% with this subset(Table 3)   Notable Implementations   ARC2023 - End to End - V7 - 31 of 100 private evaluation tasks solved  Icecuber - Write up behind the #1 solution in the 2020 Kaggle competition by icecuber . 20 of 100 private evaluation tasks solved  Alejandro De Miquel - 2nd place solution in 2020 competition  Ilia Larchenko - Sample of the 3rd place solution in 2020 competition  Alijs - Quick 2020 5th place notes  Zoltan - 2020 6th place write up  Hieu Phung - 2020 9th place solution write up  Alexander Fritzler - 2020 10th place solution write up  James Mcguigan - Explanation of attempts in the 2020 competition          Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/blog/day-1-update

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up       By Mike Knoop   Published 12 Jun 2024     ARC Prize Day 1 Update  We launched just over 24 hours ago and the response exceeded our expectations!  Our goal with ARC Prize is to increase public awareness about the progress (or lack of) towards AGI and inspire more AI researchers to work on new ideas again.  From trending on Twitter/X to the #1 Kaggle competition , here's an update on Day 1.    Launch trending on Twitter/X    Launch Day Stats   675k aggregate views on social media  15k visits to arcprize.org  800 email newsletter subscribers  700 Kaggle entrants  350 new members in Discord  70 Kaggle submissions, 30 teams on the 2024 leaderboard , top score currently 18%  1 friends-and-family launch party ✅    We are incredibly grateful for everyone who helped share the news on launch day. In particular Nat , Elad , Dwarkesh , Jessie , Wade , Tsnarnick , Gary , Caleb , Shaan , and many many others.   Notable discussions:   Twitter/X (trending)  Hacker News (500 upvotes, 300 comments)  /r/LocalLlama (100 upvotes, 35 comments)  /r/MachineLearning (50 upvotes, 50 comments)  /r/mlscaling (40 upvotes, 20 comments)   While ARC-AGI remains unbeaten since 2019, launch day increased awareness of the benchmark.   #1 competition on Kaggle!   What Worked  Arcprize.org  Daniel Gross told us to treat ARC Prize like a startup. The website needs to communicate and convert. Over the past month, we spent hundreds of hours researching, designing, and building arcprize.org . It seemed to pay off on launch day.  Our top goal for the homepage was to communicate that ARC-AGI is easy for humans, but hard for AI. We did this by putting a playable version of ARC-AGI tasks directly on the homepage along with an eval saturation chart showing ARC-AGI progress stalling.  Over 4% of visitors signed up (this comps well against high-growth startups like Zapier.)  And an overwhelming number of people said they played with ARC-AGI puzzles on the website. This appears to have been an incredibly effective communication strategy.  Tip: you can load and play a specific task ID like this: https://arcprize.org/play?task=3aa6fb7a  The leaderboard was the second most visited page. We added this page late in order to accommodate the new secondary leaderboard ARC-AGI-Pub (in beta), which allows access to closed API-based models.  There were also several common critiques we'd like to address below.   Common Critiques  Limited Compute, No Internet?  This is the most common critique. ARC Prize measures progress towards AGI using the private evaluation set . The competition imposes a couple of important limitations: Kaggle submissions get access to a P100 GPU for up to 12 hours, and submissions have no internet access (so no GPT-4, Claude, etc.) The previous version of ARC Prize gave access to a weaker GPU for only 5 hours. 2023's SOTA 34% score maxed out the runtime, which is why we doubled compute for 2024.  While we expect to continue increasing compute limits, the primary reason for limited compute is to target efficiency. AGI is defined as a system that can efficiently acquire new skill . If efficiency were not considered, intelligence could be built simply with a brute-force tree search, but this is not how humans reason. Francois expands further in his 2019 paper "On the Measure of Intelligence" :   A high-intelligence system is one that can generate high-skill solution programs for high generalization difficulty tasks (i.e. tasks that feature high uncertainty about the future) using little experience and priors, i.e. it is a system capable of making highly efficient use of all of the information it has at its disposition to cover as much ground as possible in unknown parts of the situation space. Intelligence is, in a way, a conversion rate between information about part of the situation space, and the ability to perform well over a maximal area of future situation space, which will involve novelty and uncertainty   While we do not know exactly how much scale or efficiency is required to beat ARC-AGI (and we will continue to increase limits over time), the compute limitations force researchers to reckon with this definition. And, practically, hosting the competition on Kaggle imposes resource and cost constraints, and we have to pick a starting line somewhere.  ARC Prize submissions don't allow internet access simply to reduce cheating, reduce contamination, and increase confidence in reported scores.  NEW : we launched a secondary leaderboard (in beta) called ARC-AGI-Pub which measures the public evaluation set instead of the private evaluation set. This leaderboard allows internet access (so you can use closed models, make API calls, etc.) To increase confidence in reported scores, we'll be verifying submissions against a new semi-private evaluation set and ensuring good score agreement (+/- 10%). While not officially part of ARC Prize 2024 today, it might be in the future. We'll also publish Kaggle notebooks alongside each high score on this leaderboard. We hope this enables more rapid experimentation using frontier models, educates more folks on the limits of LLMs, and provides a more accessible starting point for ARC Prize.  $1M Is Not Enough  Many pointed out the $1M prize pool is very small relative to the value created if AGI is discovered via ARC Prize.  First, ARC Prize Inc. is a nonprofit dedicated to the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence.  To counterbalance closed-source frontier research, we require fully reproducible methods and code to be put into public domain in order to claim any prize money. In the scenario where someone beats ARC-AGI privately, we will keep the prize going until someone openly reproduces the work.  Second, our goal with the prize is to increase public awareness of the progress towards AGI. We hope this broader awareness inspires many AI researchers to try new ideas again.  To that end, a "small" amount of money can have big leverage. (This leverage is a big reason why I personally put $1M into the prize pool.)  Beating ARC-AGI Doesn't Matter  The last most-common critique is that ARC-AGI is disconnected from real world value. Solving it does not matter. There is a long line of solved toy AI benchmarks, especially in reinforcement learning (and games like go, poker, chess…), that did not translate.  Let's start by acknowledging that beating ARC-AGI is necessary, but not sufficient, for real-world AGI. A solution to ARC looks more like the discovery of the Transformer architecture (though much more important, we expect.) We further expect researchers will need to build and scale the discovery.  Any AGI will necessarily beat ARC-AGI. ARC -AGI further serves as a minimal reproduction of general intelligence given the relatively small information complexity in the puzzles.  The biggest problem for application-layer AI today is low user trust. Hallucination, inaccuracy, and low consistency require "human in the loop" oversight of AI in any moderate- to high-risk deployment scenarios.  A solution to ARC-AGI, at a minimum, solves this. Solving ARC means writing a program that can generalize from arbitrary core knowledge priors to unseen, novel tasks with exacting accuracy .   Fixed / Improved  Max pointed out that when we launched we incorrectly equivalated the grand prize target 85% with the human average performance on the public evaluation set ( public literature has only tested against the public training set , which is easier). This is on me. And is now fixed both on the website and all public messaging going forward.  The fact is, humans can solve 100% of all ARC-AGI tasks, including the harder evaluation set. We know this because they all been hand-verified by humans. We debated the waterline for the Grand Prize. We considered scores as high as 95-100% for the goal. The target is somewhat arbitrary.  We ultimately settled on the 85% score goal because of the existing public literature and because it is high enough to consider ARC-AGI solved but low enough to acknowledge imperfections in the benchmark. We intend to continue improving the benchmark over time.  We want ARC-AGI to be a trusted public barometer of progress towards AGI and hope public disclosures like this increase trust.   Future  We won't publish updates like this every day. Or even every week. But expect periodic updates from the team as we hit major milestones along the path towards beating ARC-AGI. All new high scores will be published here: @arcprize   ARC Prize  ARC Prize is a $1,000,000+ competition to beat and open-source a solution to the ARC-AGI eval.  Hosted by Mike Knoop and François Chollet .  Get Started  Ready to make the first significant leap towards AGI in years? No matter who you are, where you come from, what you do for a living, you are welcome to join this competition. New ideas might come from anywhere. Possibly you?  Sign up  Find competition format and prize details on ARC Prize 2024 here .  For more information on how to get started solving ARC-AGI visit the guide.  To learn more how ARC-AGI measures general intelligence visit ARC-AGI.  Stay updated on ARC Prize progress and SOTA solutions on X/Twitter , YouTube , Email , and Discord . You can also contact us at team@arcprize.org.        Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/terms

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up     TERMS AND CONDITIONS  Last updated June 03, 2024  AGREEMENT TO OUR LEGAL TERMS  We are ARC Prize, Inc. ("Company," "we," "us," "our"), a company registered in California, United States at 548 Market Street,  #83849 , San Francisco, CA 94104.  We operate the website https://arcprize.org/ (the "Site"), as well as any other related products and services that refer or link to these legal terms (the "Legal Terms") (collectively, the "Services").  ARC Prize is a $1,000,000+ nonprofit, public competition to beat and open source a solution to the ARC-AGI benchmark. Hosted by Mike Knoop (Co-founder, Zapier) and François Chollet (Creator of ARC-AGI, Keras)  You can contact us by email at team@arcprize.org or by mail to 548 Market Street,  #83849 , San Francisco, CA 94104, United States.  These Legal Terms constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity ("you"), and ARC Prize, Inc., concerning your access to and use of the Services. You agree that by accessing the Services, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all of these Legal Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE LEGAL TERMS, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SERVICES AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.  Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Services from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Legal Terms from time to time. We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last updated" date of these Legal Terms, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Legal Terms to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, the changes in any revised Legal Terms by your continued use of the Services after the date such revised Legal Terms are posted.  We recommend that you print a copy of these Legal Terms for your records.  TABLE OF CONTENTS   OUR SERVICES  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  USER REPRESENTATIONS  PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES  USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS  CONTRIBUTION LICENSE  THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT  SERVICES MANAGEMENT  PRIVACY POLICY  TERM AND TERMINATION  MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS  GOVERNING LAW  DISPUTE RESOLUTION  CORRECTIONS  DISCLAIMER  LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY  INDEMNIFICATION  USER DATA  ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES  CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS  MISCELLANEOUS  CONTACT US   1. OUR SERVICES  The information provided when using the Services is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.  The Services are not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use the Services. You may not use the Services in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).  2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS  Our intellectual property  We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Services, including all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics in the Services (collectively, the "Content"), as well as the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the "Marks").  Our Content and Marks are protected by copyright and trademark laws (and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws) and treaties in the United
States and around the world.  The Content and Marks are provided in or through the Services "AS IS" for your personal, non-commercial use or internal business purpose only.  Your use of our Services  Subject to your compliance with these Legal Terms, including the "PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES" section below, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to:   access the Services; and  download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access.   solely for your personal, non-commercial use or internal business purpose.  Except as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Legal Terms, no part of the Services and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.If you wish to make any use of the Services, Content, or Marks other than as set out in this section or elsewhere in our Legal Terms, please address your request to: team@arcprize.org. If we ever grant you the permission to post, reproduce, or publicly display any part of our Services or Content, you must identify us as the owners or licensors of the Services, Content, or Marks and ensure that any copyright or proprietary notice appears or is visible on posting, reproducing, or displaying our Content.  We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in and to the Services, Content, and Marks.  Any breach of these Intellectual Property Rights will constitute a material breach of our Legal Terms and your right to use our Services will terminate immediately.  Your submissions  Please review this section and the "PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES" section carefully prior to using our Services to understand the (a) rights you give us and (b) obligations you have when you post or upload any content through the Services.  Submissions: By directly sending us any question, comment, suggestion, idea, feedback, or other information about the Services ("Submissions"), you agree to assign to us all intellectual property rights in such Submission. You agree that we shall own this Submission and be entitled to its unrestricted use and dissemination for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.  You are responsible for what you post or upload: By sending us Submissions through any part of the Services you:   confirm that you have read and agree with our "PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES" and will not post, send, publish, upload, or transmit through the Services any Submission that is illegal, harassing, hateful, harmful, defamatory, obscene, bullying, abusive, discriminatory, threatening to any person or group, sexually explicit, false, inaccurate, deceitful, or misleading;  to the extent permissible by applicable law, waive any and all moral rights to any such Submission;  warrant that any such Submission are original to you or that you have the necessary rights and licenses to submit such Submissions and that you have full authority to grant us the above-mentioned rights in relation to your Submissions; and  warrant and represent that your Submissions do not constitute confidential information.   You are solely responsible for your Submissions and you expressly agree to reimburse us for any and all losses that we may suffer because of your breach of (a) this section, (b) any third party’s intellectual property rights, or (c) applicable law.  3. USER REPRESENTATIONS  By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Legal Terms; (2) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (3) you will not access the Services through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (4) you will not use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (5) your use of the Services will not violate any applicable law or regulation.If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof).  4. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES  You may not access or use the Services for any purpose other than that for which we make the Services available. The Services may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us.  As a user of the Services, you agree not to:   Systematically retrieve data or other content from the Services to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us  Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in any attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.  Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Services and/or the Content contained therein.  Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Services.  Use any information obtained from the Services in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.  Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.Use the Services in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.Engage in unauthorized framing of or linking to the Services.  Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Services or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Services.  Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.  Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.  Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as "spyware" or "passive collection mechanisms" or "pcms").  Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Services or the networks or services connected to the Services.  Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Services to you.  Attempt to bypass any measures of the Services designed to prevent or restrict access to the Services, or any portion of the Services.  Copy or adapt the Services' software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, or other code.Except as permitted by applicable law, decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Services.  Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Services, or use or launch any unauthorized script or other software.  Use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the Services.Make any unauthorized use of the Services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, or creating user accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.  Use the Services as part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Services and/or the Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.  Use the Services to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.  Sell or otherwise transfer your profile.   5. USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS  The Services does not offer users to submit or post content. We may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Services, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Services and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated in accordance with the Services' Privacy Policy. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:   The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.  You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Services, and other users of the Services to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Services and these Legal Terms.  You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Services and these Legal Terms.  Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading. Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.  Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).  Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.  Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.  Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors.  Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.  Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Legal Terms, or any applicable law or regulation.   Any use of the Services in violation of the foregoing violates these Legal Terms and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Services.  6. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE  You and Services agree that we may access, store, process, and use any information and personal data that you provide following the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings).  By submitting suggestions or other feedback regarding the Services, you agree that we can use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensation to you.  We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Services. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Services and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.  7. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT  The Services may contain (or you may be sent via the Site) links to other websites ("Third-Party Websites") as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties ("Third-Party Content"). Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Content are not investigated, monitored, or checked for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not responsible for any Third-Party Websites accessed through the Services or any Third-Party Content posted on, available through, or installed from the Services, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness, opinions, reliability, privacy practices, or other policies of or contained in the Third-Party Websites or the Third-Party Content. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any Third-Party Websites or any Third-Party Content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Services and access the Third-Party Websites or to use or install any Third-Party Content, you do so at your own risk, and you should be aware these Legal Terms no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from the Services or relating to any applications you use or install from the Services. Any purchases you make through Third-Party Websites will be through other websites and from other companies, and we take no responsibility whatsoever in relation to such purchases which are exclusively between you and the applicable third party. You agree and acknowledge that we do not endorse the products or services offered on Third-Party Websites and you shall hold us blameless from any harm caused by your purchase of such products or services. Additionally, you shall hold us blameless from any losses sustained by you or harm caused to you relating to or resulting in any way from any Third-Party Content or any contact with Third-Party Websites.  8. SERVICES MANAGEMENT  We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to: (1) monitor the Services for violations of these Legal Terms; (2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Legal Terms, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; (4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Services or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and (5) otherwise manage the Services in a manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Services.  9. PRIVACY POLICY  We care about data privacy and security. Please review our Privacy Policy: https://arcprize.org/privacy. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Legal Terms. Please be advised the Services are hosted in the United States. If you access the Services from any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use, or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the United States, then through your continued use of the Services, you are transferring your data to the United States, and you expressly consent to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States.  10. TERM AND TERMINATION  These Legal Terms shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE LEGAL TERMS, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE LEGAL TERMS OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SERVICES OR DELETE ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.  If we terminate or suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. In addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.  11. MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS  We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Services at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Services. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services.We cannot guarantee the Services will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Services, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Services at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Services during any downtime or discontinuance of the Services. Nothing in these Legal Terms will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Services or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.  12. GOVERNING LAWThese Legal Terms and your use of the Services are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law principles.  13. DISPUTE RESOLUTION  Informal Negotiations  To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or claim related to these Legal Terms (each a "Dispute" and collectively, the "Disputes") brought by either you or us (individually, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties"), the Parties agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating arbitration. Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one Party to the other Party.  Binding Arbitration  If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WITHOUT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and, where appropriate, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the American Arbitration Association (AAA) website. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, we will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by either Party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. Except where otherwise required by the applicable AAA rules or applicable law, the arbitration will take place in San Francisco, California. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.  If for any reason, a Dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, the Dispute shall be commenced or prosecuted in the  state and federal courts located in San Francisco, California, and the Parties hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction, and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts. Application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA) are excluded from these Legal Terms.  In no event shall any Dispute brought by either Party related in any way to the Services be commenced more than one (1) years after the cause of action arose. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.  Restrictions  The Parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to the Dispute between the Parties individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (a) no arbitration shall be joined with any other proceeding; (b) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (c) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.  Exceptions to Informal Negotiations and Arbitration  The Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations binding arbitration: (a) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of the intellectual property rights of a Party; (b) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within the courts listed for jurisdiction above, and the Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.  14. CORRECTIONS  There may be information on the Services that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Services at any time, without prior notice.  15. DISCLAIMERTHE  SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICES' CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES OR MOBILE APPLICATIONS LINKED TO THE SERVICES AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS, (2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, (5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.  16. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYIN  NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE
AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO US. CERTAIN US STATE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.  17. INDEMNIFICATION  You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (1) use of the Services; (2) breach of these Legal Terms; (3) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Legal Terms; (4) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (5) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Services with whom you connected via the Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to this indemnification upon becoming aware of it.  18. USER DATA  We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Services for the purpose of managing the performance of the Services, as well as data relating to your use of the Services. Although we perform regular routine backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Services. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.  19. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES  Visiting the Services, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Services, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS, AND OTHER RECORDS, AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES, AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED BY US OR VIA THE SERVICES. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means.  20. CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS  If any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.  21. MISCELLANEOUS  These Legal Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Services or in respect to the Services constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Legal Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Legal Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these Legal Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Legal Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Legal Terms or use of the Services. You agree that these Legal Terms will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Legal Terms and the lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Legal Terms.  22. CONTACT US  In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Services or to receive further information regarding use of the Services, please contact us at:ARC Prize, Inc.548 Market Street #83849 San Francisco, CA 94104United States team@arcprize.org         Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/#resources

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/leaderboard

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up      ARC-AGI 2024 High Scores     Grand Prize Goal  85%    MindsAI  39%    Ali  26.5%    Zoltan  24%    Alexander Larko  24%    Kha Vo  22%       Live leaderboard [Kaggle]  ARC-AGI measures progress towards artificial general intelligence using the private evaluation set . ARC Prize 2024 is scored against this leaderboard and the Grand Prize is unlocked once the first team reaches at least 85% .  The private set imposes limitations: no internet access to reduce cheating (so no GPT-4, Claude, etc.) and Kaggle compute is fixed to target efficiency .  New high scores will be announced here: @arcprize  Submit ARC-AGI high score claims here .       ARC-AGI-PUB 2024 [Beta] High Scores     You?  ...  ??%    You?  ...  ??%    You?  ...  ??%    You?  ...  ??%    You?  ...  ??%      ARC-AGI-Pub is a secondary leaderboard (in beta) measuring the public evaluation set . High score claims are verified using a semi-private evaluation set. New high scores are accepted when there is agreement between the two scores (+/- 10%). Scores are evaluated with the same scoring methodology as ARC-AGI.  The public evaluation set imposes no limitations on internet access or compute. At this time, ARG-AGI-Pub is not part of ARC Prize 2024 (eg. no prizes are associated with this leaderboard).  Note: the public evaluation set is different from the public training set (which is significantly easier).  Submit ARC-AGI-Pub high score claims here (allow 1-2 weeks to verify).         Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/privacy

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up     Privacy Policy for ARC Prize, Inc.  Last updated: June 11, 2024  This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.  We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy Generator.  Interpretation and Definitions  Interpretation  The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.  Definitions  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:   Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.  Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.  Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to ARC Prize, Inc., 548 Market Street #83849 San Francisco CA 94104.  Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.  Country refers to: California, United States  Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.  Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.  Service refers to the Website.  Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.  Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).  Website refers to ARC Prize, accessible from https://arcprize.org/  You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.   Collecting and Using Your Personal Data  Types of Data Collected  Personal Data While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:   Email address  Usage Data   Usage Data Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.  Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.  When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.  We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.  Tracking Technologies and Cookies We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:   Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.  Web Beacons. Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).   Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies on the Free Privacy Policy website article.  We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:   Necessary / Essential Cookies  Type: Session Cookies  Administered by: Us  Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.    Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies  Type: Persistent Cookies  Administered by: Us  Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.    Functionality Cookies  Type: Persistent Cookies  Administered by: Us  Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.     For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.  Use of Your Personal Data  The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:   To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.  To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.  For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.  To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.  To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.  To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.  For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.  For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.   We may share Your personal information in the following situations:   With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.  For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.  With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.  With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.  With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.  With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.   Retention of Your Personal Data  The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.  The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.  Transfer of Your Personal Data  Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.  The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.  Delete Your Personal Data  You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.  Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.  You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.  Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.  Disclosure of Your Personal Data  Business Transactions If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.  Law enforcement Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).  Other legal requirements The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:   Comply with a legal obligation  Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company  Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service  Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public  Protect against legal liability   Security of Your Personal Data  The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Children's Privacy  Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.  If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.  Links to Other Websites  Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.  We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.  Changes to this Privacy Policy  We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.  You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.  Contact Us  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:  By email: team@arcprize.org         Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/arcprize.org/play?task=3aa6fb7a

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/blog]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#data-structure

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/www.kaggle.com/competitions/arc-prize-2024/overview/evaluation

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/blog]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/competition

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up       Competition Details  ARC Prize 2024 is being hosted on Kaggle .  Goals   Increase the number of AI researchers exploring new ideas  Open source progress towards AGI  Accelerate the discovery of AGI   Key Dates   June 11, 2024 - ARC Prize 2024 Launch  November 10, 2024 - Prize Submission Deadlines  December 3, 2024 - 2024 Prizes Announced  Q1 2025 - ARC Prize 2025 Update     Prizes  The spirit of ARC Prize is to open source progress towards AGI. To win prize money, you will be required to publish reproducible code/methods into public domain.  ARC Prize measures AGI progress using the ARC-AGI private evaluation set , the leaderboard is here , and the Grand Prize is unlocked once the first team reaches at least 85% .  Note: the private evaluation set imposes limitations on solutions (eg. no internet access, so no GPT-4/Claude/etc). There is a secondary leaderboard (in beta) called ARC-AGI-Pub, it measures the public evaluation set and imposes no limits but it is not part of ARC Prize 2024 at this time.  Grand Prize: $500,000 !  Awarded to the top teams (up to 5) which score at least 85% during an annual competition period. If not won, the Grand Prize will continue during the next annual competition.  2024 Top Scores: $50,000  Awarded to the highest-scoring submissions during the 2024 competition.   1st: $25,000  2nd: $10,000  3rd: $5,000  4th: $5,000  5th: $5,000   2024 Paper Award: $50,000  Awarded to the submitted paper that best advances our understanding of how to achieve strong performance on ARC-AGI according the Paper Award Rubric .   Winner: $45,000  Runner-Up: $5,000   Note: Additional $500K of prizes to be announced later, subscribe . All prizes in USD.    Join the Community  No matter where you are in the world, what background you have, or your current programming skill level, if you're at all interested in AGI, you should join the ARC Prize community!  Join our Discord server to ask questions, learn about what's going on, and hang out with fellow contestants and interested onlookers.  Receive updates about ARC-AGI Progress on our blog .  Follow @ARCprize on X and YouTube .     Rules  Prizes are awarded at the sole discretion of ARC Prize Inc. and are subject to review by our Technical Team. We may issue more or fewer awards based on the spirit of the prize and the received submissions.  See ARC Prize 2024 official rules .  Open Source License  In order for a submission to be eligible, all code and methods authored by the submitter must be made open source under a permissive public domain license (eg. CC0 or MIT-0). Additionally, any 3rd party code or methods not authored by the submitter must be available under, at least, an open source license which allows public sharing (eg. Apache-2.0, GPLv3).  Grand Prize  The Grand Prize will be unlocked when a team surpasses a score of 85% accuracy on ARC-AGI private evaluation tasks. At the end of the annual competition, the Grand Prize will be divided among the Top 5  (or fewer) teams that have surpassed 85% accuracy.  If no submission reached the 85% mark during ARC Grand Prize 2024, there will be no ARC Grand Prize winner in 2024 and prizes will be held for future competitions.  2024 Progress Prizes  Top Score Award  The Top Score Award will be awarded to the submission with the highest score on the private evaluation set during the 2024 competition. The top 5 teams with the highest scores will be awarded with the Top Score Award.  2024 Paper Award  To be eligible for a Paper Award, separately submit a paper (PDF, arXiv, txt, etc.) documenting and describing the conceptual approach of an eligible ARC Prize 2024 Kaggle submission. Papers must be submitted within 48 hours of the competition ending.  Paper Awards are evaluated equally on the following six components, where a score of 0 (lowest) and 5 (highest) is given in each category.     Category  Description      Accuracy  How accurate is the submission based on its performance on the leaderboard? (Note: you will be asked to provide your submission ID to match your notebook to your submission)    Universality  How general and universal is the Submission approach beyond the competition? Does your submission translate to other similar problems? How well does your method generalize?    Progress  How much does the paper increase the overall chance of anyone achieving 85% on ARC Prize?    Theory  How well does the paper describe why the Submission works (as opposed to merely describing how it works)?    Completeness  How thoroughly and completely does the paper cover your submission to the leaderboard?    Novelty  How novel is the Submission relative to existing public research?     The Paper Award will be awarded to the Submission with the most points and the Paper Award Runner Up will the second most points. Paper rubric evaluations will not be shared. In the event of a tie, the Paper that was entered first to the Competition will be the winner. In the event a potential winner is disqualified for any reason, the Paper that received the next highest score rank will be chosen as the potential winner.  See here for paper award submission form.         Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/#development

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#priors

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#scoring-methodology

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#inspiration

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#private

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#paper-award

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#submission-templates

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/play

               Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up      Play  Try ARC-AGI. Given the examples, identify the pattern, solve the test puzzle.      Previous   Next     Public Evaluation Set (Hard)  Public Training Set (Easy)        Examples  Scroll 👉       Test       Previous  Test 1 of 1  Next    1. Configure your output grid:    Resize    Copy from input  Clear  Reset     2. Edit your output grid cells:    Edit   Select   Fill                     3. See if your output is correct:  Submit solution                  Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        

# URL: https://arcprize.org/#submissions

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#task-data

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/arc#agi-definition

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/arc]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/arc]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#overview

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#public

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#approaches

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#grand-prize-goal

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/#code-requirements

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/]


# URL: https://arcprize.org/blog/launch

                   Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog        AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed .   Presented by        Home  ARC-AGI  Leaderboard  ARC Prize 2024  Technical Guide  Play  Blog   Sign up    Sign up       By Mike Knoop   Published 11 Jun 2024     Announcing ARC Prize  A $1,000,000+ competition towards open AGI progress.     AGI progress has stalled. New ideas are needed.  Intelligence vs Memorization  Modern AI (LLMs) have shown to be great memorization engines. They are able to memorize high-dimensional patterns in their training data and apply those patterns into adjacent contexts. This is also how their apparent reasoning capability works. LLMs are not actually reasoning. Instead they memorize reasoning patterns and apply those reasoning patterns into adjacent contexts. But they cannot generate new reasoning based on novel situations.  More training data lets you "buy" performance on memorization based benchmarks (MMLU, GSM8K, ImageNet, GLUE, etc.) But memorization alone is not general intelligence. General intelligence is the ability to efficiently acquire new skills.  More scale will not enable LLMs to learn new skills. We need new architectures or algorithms that enable AI systems to learn at test time. This is how humans are able to adapt to novel situations.  Beyond LLMs, for many years, we've had AI systems that can beat humans at poker, chess, go, and other games. However, no AI system trained to succeed at one game can simply be retrained toward another. Instead researchers have had to re-architect and rebuild entirely new systems per game.  This is a failure to generalize.  Without this capability, AI will forever be rate-limited by the human general intelligence in the loop. We want AGI that can discover and invent alongside humans to push humanity forward.  Given the success and proven economic utility of LLMs over the past 4 years, the above may seem like extraodinary claims. Strong claims require strong evidence.   ARC-AGI  Introduced by François Chollet in his influencial paper " On the Measure of Intelligence ", ARC-AGI is the only AI eval which measures general intelligence: a system that can efficiently acquire new skills and solve novel, open-ended problems.  ARC-AGI was created in 2019 and the state-of-the-art (SOTA) high score was 20%. Today, only 34%.  Yet humans - even children - can master tasks quickly.  ARC-AGI is easy for humans and impossible for modern AI.  Most AI benchmarks rapidly saturate to human performance-level because they test only for memorization, which is something AI is superhuman at.  ARC-AGI is not saturating, in fact current pace is slowing down. It was designed to resist memorization and has proven extremely challenging for both the largest foundational transformer models as well as bespoke AI systems designed to defeat ARC-AGI.   A solution to ARC-AGI, at a minimum, opens up a completely new programming paradigm where programs can perfectly and reliably generalize from an arbitrary set of priors. We also believe a solution is on the critical path towards AGI    Open Source AGI Progress  If you accept new ideas are needed, let's consider how to increase the rate of new ideas. Unfortunately, trends in AI are going the wrong way.  Closed vs Open  Starting with the GPT-4 release, frontier AGI progress has gone closed source. The GPT-4 technical report surprisingly contains no technical details. OpenAI said "competitive" reasons were the first reason why. Google's Gemini technical report also contains no technical details on the long context window frontier innovation.  LLMs have also shifted the majority of research attention away from new architectures and new algorithms. Over $20B was deployed to non-general AI companies in 2023 and many frontier DeepMind researchers were restaffed to Gemini (in order to compete with OpenAI.)  Leading labs have strong incentives to loudly claim, "scale is all you need," and, "don't try to compete with us on frontier research," even though they all quietly believe new ideas are needed to reach AGI. Their bet is they can discover all the necessary new ideas within their labs.  LLM History  But let's look at the history of LLMs. Specifically the transformer architecture. Transformers emerged many years downstream of machine translation research (e.g., English to Spanish.)   2014 : Sutskever et. al. (Google) published Seq2Seq Learning using RNNs and CNNs for variable length input vs output (English and Spanish words are not the same length.)  2016 : Bahdanau et. al. (Jacobs University) popularized the concept of "attention" so a system could consider different parts of the input to predict output (English adjectives come before nouns, Spanish after.)  2017 : Vaswani et. al. (Google) realized "attention is all you need" , dropping RNNs and CNNs, optimizing the architecture, enabling new scale  2018 : Radford et. al. (OpenAI) created GPT-2 built on top of the transformer architecture at frontier scale, showing emergent capabilities   The story of the transformer is the story of science. Researchers in different labs and teams publish and build on top of each other's work.  While it is possible one lab could discover AGI alone, it is highly unlikely. The global chance of AGI discovery has decreased and will keep decreasing if we accepting this as status quo.  Progress  I have spoken with many young students and would-be researchers over the past year. Many are depressed. There is a sense of dread that everything has been figured out already. But this is not true! The AI ecosystem is intentionally telling a partial-truth to boost their relative competitive positions to the detriment of actual progress towards AGI.  Worse, the inaccurate "scale is all you need" belief is now influencing the AI regulatory environment. Regulators are considering roadblocks to frontier AI research under the wrong assumption that AGI is imminent. The truth is no one knows how to build AGI.  We should be trying to incentivize new ideas, not slow them down. The internet and open source are the strongest innovation engines the world has ever seen.  By incentivizing open source we increase the rate of new ideas, increasing the chance we discover AGI, and ensure those new ideas are widely distributed to establish a more even playing field between small and large AI companies.  We hope ARC Prize can help counterbalance these trends.   ARC Prize  Announcing ARC Prize, a $1,000,000+ prize pool competition to beat and open-source a solution to the ARC-AGI eval.  Hosted by Mike Knoop and François Chollet . Presented by Infinite Monkey and Lab42.   François Chollet & Mike Knoop  ARC Prize Goals   Increase the number of people working on frontier AGI research.  Popularize an objective measure of AGI progress.  Solve ARC-AGI and learn something new about the nature of intelligence.    Get Started  Ready to make the first significant leap towards AGI in years? No matter who you are, where you come from, what you do for a living, you are welcome to join this competition. New ideas might come from anywhere. Possibly you?  Sign up  Find competition format and prize details on ARC Prize 2024 here .  For more information on how to get started solving ARC-AGI visit the guide.  To learn more how ARC-AGI measures general intelligence visit ARC-AGI.  Stay updated on ARC Prize progress and SOTA solutions on X/Twitter , YouTube , Email , and Discord . You can also contact us at team@arcprize.org.        Newsletter   Discord   Twitter   YouTube  GitHub       © 2024 ARC Prize, Inc. Privacy  Terms  A non-profit for the public advancement of open artificial general intelligence. All rights reserved.               ARC Prize : Get Started  Sign up to get started and receive official contest updates and news.           Sign Up     No spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime.        Toggle Animation  

# URL: https://arcprize.org/guide#public-tasks

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 1 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 2 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 7 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 3 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 6 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 10 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 11 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]

[REDUNDANT: Similar to paragraph 14 on https://arcprize.org/guide#data-structure]


